Hi,
everyone. My name is Kevin Jones, and welcome to my course,
Understanding the Java virtual Machine: Security.
I am a developer and owner at Rock Solid Knowledge,
a software development company based in the United Kingdom.
One of the original selling points of Java was its code
security model and how it allows you to load code from
anywhere but limit what that code could do.
You can base the security on the location the code was loaded from
or on who created the JAR that you are loading.
Some of the major topics we'll cover in this course include
understanding how the Java SecurityManager and AccessController
work together to secure your code,
examining how and why the stack is walked when security decisions are
made, see the classes involved in code security, and learning how to
limit the stack walk if necessary to always allow certain code to
run. By the end of this course,
you'll understand how Java can limit your code's privileges based
on security information. Before beginning the course, you should
be familiar with the Java language.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to understand code
security with the Understanding the Java Virtual Machine Security course, at Pluralsight.